add contributing documentation (#11)
cncf/tag-env-sustainability: CODE-OF-CONDUCT.md

> # Code of Conduct

Reviewer: Rather than write our own, can we follow what sig-security is and just follow our governing body's COC?  Here is the link to the CNCF one:  https://github.com/cncf/foundation/blob/main/code-of-conduct.md

Author: First sentence: We follow the [CNCF Code of Conduct][cncf-coc].
How much more we should use the CNCF CoC?

The first part explains how we want to follow this commitment. The second part clarifies incident handling which the CoC doesn't because every project has to manage this by itself.

The next part is about references, which are not managed in CoC.

> We follow the [CNCF Code of Conduct][cncf-coc].

Reviewer 2: Small nit  

```suggestion
We follow the [CNCF Code of Conduct](https://github.com/cncf/foundation/blob/main/code-of-conduct.md)
```

> We follow the [CNCF Code of Conduct][cncf-coc].

Reviewer 3: Why re-invent yet another CoC? The CNCF CoC is designed for general use in all CNCF community. If the CNCF CoC is not able to serve the purpose here, please state the requirement and use case and bring the discussion to the TOC. It is way beyond the scope of this WG to re-scope the CNCF CoC.

Reviewer 2: > Why re-invent yet another CoC? 

Not really. It looks like this PR introduced the TAG Security CoC to the working group. 

IMO: let's move on quickly.... 
Option1: either merge this PR, which is fine from my point of view since we are reusing the TAG-Security structure, or. 
Option2: remove this file and refer to the CNCF CoC in a single line only.

I currently prefer option2. (I don't think the additional CoC stuff is necessary and could be confusing).

Reviewer 3: +1 
Let's leverage on the CNCF tooling and Keep the draft lean and fast forward to action.

Author: This review was already given, therefore it would be great to have this comment on the corresponding feedback.
However, we don't reinvent the CoC. As the first line states: We follow the CNCF CoC. 
How much more we should use the CNCF CoC?

The first part explains how we want to follow this commitment. The second part clarifies incident handling which the CoC doesn't because every project has to manage this by itself. (The reporting part of the CoC is like this - someone uses for example a religious emoji, because it looks like K8s, in the wrong context and rather as an adult person just solve this but highlight your concerns, you go to the highest escalation point known. Think this approach is not sustainable, and therefore mentioned encouraging people to bring up their points like you would in other cases.)

The next part is about references, which are not managed in CoC.

If this is such a problem we can move it somewhere else into own files or whatsoever.

Reviewer 3: > This review was already given, therefore it would be great to have this comment on the corresponding feedback. However, we don't reinvent the CoC. As the first line states: We follow the CNCF CoC. How much more we should use the CNCF CoC?
> 
If CNCF CoC is not able to cover the use case, voice the requirement and get the feedback before re-scoping it.

> The first part explains how we want to follow this commitment. The second part clarifies incident handling which the CoC doesn't because every project has to manage this by itself. (The reporting part of the CoC is like this - someone uses for example a religious emoji, because it looks like K8s, in the wrong context and rather as an adult person just solve this but highlight your concerns, you go to the highest escalation point known. Think this approach is not sustainable, and therefore mentioned encouraging people to bring up their points like you would in other cases.)
> 
Per CNCF CoC, there are two layers of escalation: project maintainer and CNCF. Any evidence why this process is not sustainable?
> The next part is about references, which are not managed in CoC.
Again, if this is not something covered by CNCF CoC, open an issue and have it resolved, it is beneficial to the community.
> 
> If this is such a problem we can move it somewhere else into own files or whatsoever.

Reviewer: This is still outstanding as an issue.

Reviewer 2: @catblade the file contains only a reference to the CNCF CoC (no more information)

native language, operating system choice, current software stack or prior
experience.

In keeping with this commitment, we offer the following guidelines:

* Welcome newcomers at any stage of expertise.
  * Everyone has something to contribute.
  * Everyone deserves access to materials and community that will help them
       learn.
  * As long as an individual can be respectful and not disruptive to other
       participants, they deserve to participate.
* Provide open and free material.
* Be kind and courteous.
  * Interpret the arguments of others in good faith, offering private
       constructive feedback when communication style bears improvement.
  * Leave space for quieter voices.
* Consider who is not in the room.
  * Invite participation from experts or user community representatives
       outside of the working group.
  * Participate in online forums to be inclusive of those who cannot attend
       meetings.
* Work performed within this group, either finalized or in draft, is to be
     used in accordance with the group [Mission and
     Charter][charter],
     the open source license, and to be used for the equal benefit of all
     members of the community.

> ## Incident handling and escalation

Reviewer 3: Again, this is a dup of the CNCF CoC. There is a reporting/enforcement process in place and I don't see why it cannot be used to handle the situation here.

Content for the purposes of the code of conduct as well as incident is defined
not only as published or draft content but also online discourse, such as slack
messages or emails, and interactions at in-person events.  If an incident
involving community conduct occurs, please follow the guidelines below on how to
handle and report the issue:

* If you see content that clearly does not meet the official Code of Conduct,
  please send an slack message to the Co-Chair/TL and the creator of the content. (For

>   more details refer to the [CNCF Code of Conduct][cncf-coc]).  If it is

Reviewer 2: Small nit  

```suggestion
more details refer to the [CNCF Code of Conduct](https://github.com/cncf/foundation/blob/main/code-of-conduct.md)). If it is
```

  regarding a co-chair, reach out to the two other chairs directly if you are
  uncomfortable using the mailing list.

> * If you are uncomfortable with a piece of content (but it may not necessarily

Reviewer 2: Hmm, yes – I can understand that. Perhaps it would be good to explicitly state that you can also turn to someone you know / trust / are close to in order to express concerns?

> * If you are uncomfortable with a piece of content (but it may not necessarily

Reviewer: The CNCF has taken a lot of time and trouble writing their COC, so I think it most appropriate we follow what they do already.  They've already spent the time thinking of all the corner cases (or running into them painfully).

> * If you are uncomfortable with a piece of content (but it may not necessarily

Reviewer: I don't think that helps either.  What if you are new to the community?  

Here is what the CNCF has on reporting.
https://github.com/cncf/foundation/blob/main/code-of-conduct.md#reporting

> * If you are uncomfortable with a piece of content (but it may not necessarily

Author: It doesn't force anyone, it encourages people to speak up if they see something they don't like. What should be normal and is in no way outstanding. 

The CNCF CoC addresses this by going to a top-level escalation, rather than just simply solving this between people.

everyone!  

## Reference

Example of reasonable gif: Group is close to wrapping up deliverable, as part of
an update, the lead posts a "nearly done" gif.  

Example of reasonable emoji:  Post in the group uses emojis to break up content
and is relevant to the item discussed or used in response to post to signify
voting, opinion, acceptance, emotion, etc.  

Example of reasonable image and video:  Posting a picture of a community meetup*
or posting a recording to a presentation on cloud native environmental sustainability.

*Note: Many events within the community may include content which is only
acceptable depending on the context it is used in.  An example of this is
alcohol consumption. It is important that when posting photos and videos members
consider if the post glorifies alcohol or alcohol is the primary subject of the
content (unacceptable) or if the alcohol is happenstance occurrence in the image
(acceptable).  

## Inspiration

The above guidelines are inspired by and borrowed from other communities:

* <https://bridgefoundry.org/code-of-conduct>
* <https://www.rust-lang.org/policies/code-of-conduct>
* <https://golang.org/conduct>

> * <https://github.com/cncf/tag-security/blob/main/CODE-OF-CONDUCT.md>

Reviewer: Another tag security.

experience.

In keeping with this commitment, we offer the following guidelines:

* Welcome newcomers at any stage of expertise.
  * Everyone has something to contribute.
  * Everyone deserves access to materials and community that will help them
       learn.
  * As long as an individual can be respectful and not disruptive to other
       participants, they deserve to participate.
* Provide open and free material.
* Be kind and courteous.
  * Interpret the arguments of others in good faith, offering private
       constructive feedback when communication style bears improvement.
  * Leave space for quieter voices.
* Consider who is not in the room.
  * Invite participation from experts or user community representatives
       outside of the working group.
  * Participate in online forums to be inclusive of those who cannot attend
       meetings.
* Work performed within this group, either finalized or in draft, is to be
     used in accordance with the group [Mission and
     Charter][charter],
     the open source license, and to be used for the equal benefit of all
     members of the community.  Further information on use of work may be found

>      in [Security Reviews:

Reviewer 3: `security`?

     Outcome][review-outcome]

## Incident handling and escalation

Content for the purposes of the code of conduct as well as incident is defined
not only as published or draft content but also online discourse, such as slack
messages or emails, and interactions at in-person events.  If an incident
involving community conduct occurs, please follow the guidelines below on how to
handle and report the issue:

* If you see content that clearly does not meet the official Code of Conduct,
  please send an e-mail to the Co-Chair/TL mailing list

>   (cncf-tag-security-leads@lists.cncf.io) and the creator of the content. (For

Reviewer 3: `tag-security`?

  more details refer to the [CNCF Code of Conduct][cncf-coc]).  If it is
  regarding a co-chair, reach out to the two other chairs directly if you are
  uncomfortable using the mailing list.
* If you are uncomfortable with a piece of content (but it may not necessarily
  violate the code of conduct), we suggest sending a private message to the
  content owner expressing your concerns. If this is not resolved, you may wish

>   to request the help of a Co-Chair/TL via cncf-tag-security-leads@lists.cncf.io

Reviewer 3: `tag security`?

  to help mediate the situation.
* Discussions about these potential code of conduct violations and concerns are
  important, and there are great avenues to discuss them. This includes bringing
  up concerns to the [CNCF TOC][cncf-toc] (which can be done through discussion

>   with Security TAG leadership) or talking to Security TAG leadership about

Reviewer 3: Security Tag?

  uncomfortable.
* In the event where there is disagreement, we have some guidelines that can
  help prevent escalation
  * Do not bring the discussion out of context.
  * Do not rationalize the actions you take. We do not expect anyone to
    understand what everyone else feels towards certain things (e.g. the same
    gestures in certain cultures are good and bad in others). Understand that
    something may not be wrong, but it may affect others.

In summary, be nice, inclusive and welcoming. Misunderstandings, mistakes and
oversights happen, and when they do, there are some good ways to go about having
a conversation with colleagues to make our community inclusive and welcoming to
everyone!  

## Reference

Example of reasonable gif: Group is close to wrapping up deliverable, as part of
an update, the lead posts a "nearly done" gif.  

Example of reasonable emoji:  Post in the group uses emojis to break up content
and is relevant to the item discussed or used in response to post to signify
voting, opinion, acceptance, emotion, etc.  

Example of reasonable image and video:  Posting a picture of a community meetup*

> or posting a recording to a presentation on cloud native security.

Reviewer 3: security?

*Note: Many events within the community may include content which is only
acceptable depending on the context it is used in.  An example of this is
alcohol consumption. It is important that when posting photos and videos members
consider if the post glorifies alcohol or alcohol is the primary subject of the
content (unacceptable) or if the alcohol is happenstance occurrence in the image
(acceptable).  

## Inspiration

> The above guidelines are inspired by and borrowed from other communities:

Reviewer 3: Please also add [tag security code of conduct](https://github.com/cncf/tag-security/blob/main/CODE-OF-CONDUCT.md)  from which this draft is based on.
